Dwarf	Small, quiet digging machine.
Grubb	Swarm of puke-green grubs that eat their way through the Wall.
Hammer	Glowing red hammer.
Jackhammer	Glowing red jackhammer, which fires a stream of white hot energy bolts at the Data Wall.
Jap Water Torture	Tiny, random drops of glowing "water" strike the Wall, causing ripples.
Pile Driver	Steam-powered pile driver on the verge of blowing up.
Portal	Metallic door that slowly meshes with the Data Wall then swings open for the Netrunner.
Ramming Piston	Huge nuclear powered battering ram, as drawn by Jack Kirby.
Sledgehammer	Glowing white Sledgehammer.
Termite	Brown, fist-sized, fractal insect with bright blue eyes. Emits low-pitched bleeps as it burrows into Wall.
Worm	Gold-metal, robotic worm, with green neon eyes.

Codecracker	Thin beam of white light, which shoots from the Netrunner's hands and spreads through the Code Gate.
Cyfermaster	Fractal image of a man floating in lotus position.
Dupre	Elegant middle-aged Victorian. He speaks to the locked Gate, and takes notes as he does so.
Raffles	Dapper young man wearing evening clothes of the 1990's. He speaks to the door then vanishes.
Tinweasel	Shifty-eyed character with an insincere smile.
Wizard's Book	Stream of blazing white symbols, flowing at incredible speed from the Netrunner's open hand.

Bloodhound	Large, gun-metal grey hound. It has glowing blue eyes and wears a thick circlet of blue neon.
Bulldog	Short, burly humanoid in metal armour. A glowing visor is situated above snarling, canine jaws.
Canis Major/Minor	Large steel statue of a dog/a computerised chihuahua.
Cry Baby	None until activated, then it appears as a baby, hanging around the Netrunner's neck, screaming.
Clairvoyance	The eyes of the Netrunner's icon glow fiery blue, or a pair of glowing eyes appear if the icon has none.
Data Raven	Metal-plated black bird.
Fang	Glowing green pit bull.
Fang 2.0	Robotic pit bull with a red head.
Fetch 4.01.1	Chrome greyhound with glowing blue collar.
Guard-Dog	Detected it appears as a standard Bloodhound, other wise it is a slight flicker at the periphery of vision.
Hidden Virtue	Glowing green ring which the Netrunner looks through.
Hunter	Hound head lunging down the target's line.
Looking Glass	Series of mirrors appears in front of the Netrunner, passing over and through the target icon.
Mouse	Small, innocuous mouse.
Netspace Inverter	Flying eyeball; turns invisible when activated.
Pit Bull	Short, heavily built, steel dog. It has glowing red eyes and wears a circlet of red neon.
Rex	Rather nasty, metal plated dog with really big teeth.
See Ya	Shimmering silver screen.
Shadow	Netrunner's icon gains a long, humanoid shadow.
Smarteye	Spinning crystal ball; the ball stops and the appropriate icon appears within.
Speedtrap	Flat, glowing plate of glass, in which images appear.
Watchdog	Large, black, metal dog. It has glowing red eyes and a spiked metal collar.

Asp	Glowing golden snake.
Cascade	Shower of random neon-coloured pods & capsules sprays the target's icon and are absorbed on contact.
Cascade II	Floating ball of energy.
Clown	Annoying, loud, obnoxious, white-faced circus clown, complete with slapstick, seltzer bottle, pies, etc.
DecKRASH	Cartoon stick of dynamite with fuse.
Feedback	Beam of orange neon which shoots from the Netrunner's fingertips.
Flatline	Beam of yellow neon which shoots from the Netrunner's fingertips.
Fragmentation Storm	Huge white electrical arc that strikes the target and follows his line back to his deck.
Grid Wave	Black sphere with twisting light waves surrounding it.
HellBurner	Giant, disembodied fist which burns with blue, fractal fire, grabs onto target, engulfing it in blue flames.
Krash	Large, cartoon anarchist bomb, with a sizzling fuse.
Murphy	You never know...
Pi in the Face	Large cartoon pie, for throwing.
Poison Flatline	Beam of green neon which launches from the Netrunner's fingertips.
Poltergeist	Random flashes of energy from everywhere, wiping data and files.
Pox	Floating ball of energy that explodes into a wash of sickly coloured globules.
Scatter Shot	Shotgun shooting fractal shot.
Swarm	Cartoon-y bee that flies towards a CPU, stinging it.
Typhoid Mary	Female Killer robot.
Weed	Tangled weeds growing on the icon of the system's CPU(s).
Vacuum	Series of hexagonal frames that suck the 'runner's Icon out of the data fort.
Virizz	Glittering DNA shape made of lights and neon.
Viral 15	Swirling metallic blue fog with a white neon DNA helix embedded in the centre.

Black Mask	Anything programmed into it.
Cloak	Makes the user's Icon invisible.
Domino	Depends on the data fort.
George	Cartoon signpost with signs pointing in all directions.
Invisibility	Flickering, iridescent sheet, which drapes over the Netrunner.
Open-Ended Mileage	Blue sphere surrounded by two stylized lightning bolts.
Rabbit	Fractal rabbit going like the blazes. Also Bugs Bunny variants around.
Replicator	Chrome sphere creating millions of holographic images of the Netrunner.
Signpost	Signpost with signs pointing in all directions.
Silhouette	Looks as it the Netrunner has jacked out.
Spore	Each spore looks like a small mote of light.
Stealth	Sheet of black energy draped over the Netrunner's Icon.
Superballs	Thousands of primary-coloured rubber balls bouncing around target's square, as if in a glass cube.
Vewy Vewy Quiet	The 'runner makes no sound and turns translucent.

Armor	Glowing golden armor in a high tech design.
DeckShield One	Deck's data fort/position in netspace is sheathed in fractal armor-plating.
Flak	Cloud of blinding, glowing, multicoloured lights, swirling in all directions.
Force Shield	Flickering silver energy barrier.
Joan of Arc	Woman's face that grimaces in pain.
OutJack	None. 
Reflector	Flare of blue green light, coalescing into a mirrored bowl.
Shield	Shifting circular energy field appearing in front of the Netrunner.

Aardvark	Matrix of thin yellow neon lines, which close around the Worm, then dematerialise with it trapped.
Banpei	Robotic samurai.
Black Dahlia	Incredibly seductive woman in a black evening dress.
Bunnies	Rapidly-multiplying bunch of burnished gunmetal coloured bubbles, with classic "rabbit ears" antennae.
Chameleon	Killer with a polished mirror face that reflects the Icon of the program it is attacking.
Codeslinger	Cowboy with six-shooter codeguns.
D'Arc Knight	Svelte knight in armor.
Data Naga	Exotic woman with a serpentine lower torso and six arms.
Dogcatcher	Basic male or female humanoid shape carrying a net on a pole.
Dragon	Great golden dragon robot, wreathed in electrical discharges. Laser beams shoot from it's eyes.
Dropp	A ripple across the immediate area like a drop in a pond.
Eradicator	Glowing amoeba with huge jaws.
Exorcist	Fractal priest in full regalia, carrying a large religious symbol.
Hydra	Glittering blue fog that encircles its target and dematerializes it.
Ice Pick Willie	Classic '30s gangster hitman.
Killer II	Large manlike robot, dressed as a metallic samurai. His eyes glow red and he carries a glowing Katana.
Killer IV	Large manlike robot, dressed as a metallic samurai. His eyes glow red and he carries a glowing Katana.
Killer VI	Large manlike robot, dressed as a metallic samurai. His eyes glow red and he carries a glowing Katana.
Loony Goon	Cartoon character of the 'runner's choice.
Manticore	Huge, lionlike shape, drawn in red neon schematic lines. A large scorpion tail arcs over one shoulder.
Mirror	Large, square mirror floating in front of the 'runner. The bolt goes in then comes out again.
Ninja	When seen it appears as a ninja carrying a glowing sword.
Orion	Powerful man or woman with bow and flying platform or an angel with wings and divine radiance.
Possessor	Hooded robe, with nothing inside. Robe will cover another Icon, which can be seen in the hood.
Raptor	Realistic falcon which swoops down upon it's prey.
Raven	Raven that attempts to peck out the eyes of the target.
Sentinels Prime	Golden humanoid with a big gun.
Shaka	Zulu warrior with spear and shield.
Snowball	Snowball that grows in size for each program it destroys.
Start-Up Immolator	Bolt of flame that shoots from the 'runner's mouth and burns the target program to ash.
Triggerman	Film noire-style detective.
Wildcard	Representation of the old Capone ganger "Wild Card".
Wolf	Identical to the Watchdog icon, except that it will flash entirely red as it attacks.

Ball and Chain	Classic prisoner's ball and chain clamped to some part of the target icon.
Bolter Cluster	Wicked looking turret springs forth to blast the target.
Brainwipe	Acid-green electrical arc, which leaps from the floor and engulfs and kills the 'runner.
Cerebus	Dark, metallic dog with 2 heads. One fires Hellbolts from its eyes, the other howls as it pursues target.
Cinderella	Lovely woman with green glowing eyes, in 18th century ball gown, Anything she touches ignites.
Code Corpse	Skeleton in a cloak with a scythe attacks the target.
Cortical Scrub	Green globe that send out electrical arcs.
Data Darts	Swarm of red globes that strike at the target.
Fatal Attractor	Attractive young woman in a skintight bodysuit. DIFF Sys Know to recognise her.
Firestarter	Blazing pillar of fire, which speaks the Netrunner's name in a hissing, booming voice, then leaps at him.
Glue	Shifting pattern of red shapes flickering across the floor to entangle the Netrunner.
Hellbolt	Bolt of crimson fire launched from the Netrunner's raised hand.
Hellhound	Huge, black, metal wolf. It's eyes glow white, and fire ripples over its body. Repeats the 'runner's name.
Homewrecker	Fiery electrical arc that shoots at the target's eyes.
Jack Attack	Pair of glowing schematic handcuffs encircling the Netrunner's wrists.
King Trail	Glowing yellow banana slug.
Knockout	Yellow neon schematic boxer appears and strikes out at the Netrunner's Icon.
Liche	Metallic skeleton dressed in black robes. Grabs the 'runner in its grasp and drags him under the floor.
Mastiff	Glowing blue mastiff with a huge spiked collar.
Neural Blade	Glowing, rune-etched broadsword.
Pepe Le Pue	Cartoon skunk the wraps around the Netrunner's Icon.
Psychodrome	Disguised as system. 'Runner is placed in virtual room of faceted, mirrored walls displaying torture.
Red-Out	Shifting contextural haze of red pixels that descend on the Netrunner; changing the colour of his Icon.
Shock.r	Golden bolt from the Netrunner's palm.
Sleeper	Electrical arc, which leaps from the floor and engulfs the 'runner.
Spazz	Nimbus of electrical energy surrounding the target.
Stationery	Pieces of paper, with 'You're Nicked!' on them, appears in a sort of snowstorm over the Netrunner.
Stun	Bolt of blue flame streaking from the Netrunner's open palm.
Sword	Glowing energy katana.
The Audio Virus	Photo-realistic stereo system, which will tremble and vibrate from the noise it makes.
Threat	Any minor offensive or defensive program. Set at time of purchase.
TKO 2.0	Chrome boxer who smacks the target with a nasty left hook.
Werewolf	None normally, but a stylish wolf in a suit when rezzed.
Zombie	Shrouded, skeletal form, enveloped in stinking grey mist. It lunges out and rips the Netrunner's head off.

A Picture's Worth	Slot machine. Data flows in though coin slot, machine spins a jackpot, scrambled data pours into MU.
Al Boon	Stream of fractal code that rapidly coalesces into a fractal solid.
Black Sky	Black cloud which forms between the enemy program and the runner.
Blink	Swirling cloud of fractal code that coalesces into a random fractal solid (when it works). Or blows up.
Dummy	Small spinning chrome pyramid that reflects the Icon of any program it encounters.
Evil Twin	The Netrunner's Icon seems to fly around in large arcs.
IGOR	Classic "mad-scientist's" assistant; complete with lab coat and hunchback.
Lightning Bug	6 motes of light that slowly alternate between red and white. The motes lazily circle the Netrunner.
Omnivore	Whirring, buzzing, screeching ball of blades which careens into its target and thoroughly mangles it.
Satchel Charge	A bomb in a backpack.
Scribe	Cowled chrome monk with feather pen.
Wolfpack	Pack of electrically-charged wolflike forms which pounce upon their target, ripping it apart.

Crystal Ball	None.
Dee-2	None.
Genie	None.
Hotwire	None.
Knevil	Wildly-dressed motorcyclist, with madly glinting eyes. He grabs the remote's icon and begins moving it.
News At 8	None.
Open Sesame	None.
Phone Home	None.
Rockerbit	Cartoonish Rocker that hangs around the speaker remote and 'yells' into it as appropriate.
Soundmachine	None.
Terminator	A disembodied cyberarm begins typing, writing, or drawing on the remote icon in question.
Viddy Master	None.
WAD Controller	None.

Alias	None.
Backup	None.
Baedeker's Net Map	A green line extending across a Net map.
Bakdoor	A green line extending across a Net map.
Breadcrumbs	Line of glowing sparks forming a trail.
Butcher Boy	Takes the appearance of a system accounting program.
Cartographer	None.
Databaser	None.
Dolphin Programs	Sleek, chrome dolphin.
ElectroLock	None.
Expert Schedule An	None needed, but might appear as a humanoid icon that leads you to the files you requested.
Filelocker	None.
File Packer	None.
Flare Gun	Big-barrelled flare gun.
Flip Switch 2.0	None.
Flip Switch 3.0	None.
GateMaster	None.
Guest Book	An old-style hotel guest book and quill.
Instant Replay	None.
Mictotech AI Interface	Floating hollow mask.
Multinetter	None.
Multi-Tasker	None.
Mystery Box	Cartoon box with strange gears and widgets on each surface.
NetMap	None.
Newsgroup Filter	A simple Icon of the user's choice.
Padlock	None.
Re-Rezz	None.
R&D Protocol Files	None needed, but might appear as a humanoid icon that leads you to the files you requested.
Shredder Uplink	Janitor program who rifles through the pieces inside a trash can and pulls out complete files.
Translator 2000	None.
Zetatech Installer	'Tronnic humanoid upper body mounted in a round metallic base, who feeds programs into base.

Afreet II	Tall, powerful black man, dressed in evening clothes, wears a fez and speaks in a formal, deep voice.
Balron II	Huge, male figure. Dressed in futuristic black armor. Carries a red glowing energy blade.
Imp II	Small, orange sphere of light, with two amused looking red eyes. Beeps, whistles, & pings.
Reaper	Classic Grim Reaper, complete with flaming sickle and cloak made of outer space.
Soulkiller 3.0	Swirling vortex that speaks in a high crystalline voice, and sucks the 'runner into it.
Succubus II	Voluptuous, nude, hairless female, made from shiny chrome metal. Has large batlike wings, blue eyes.
Thug	Generic cartoon thug.
Vampyre II	Figure in grey robes, with golden eyes, & fangs. Transforms into misty cloud that dissolves other icons.

Boardwalk	Stylized porcupine-like shape that invades the database.
Cockroach	Small cockroach-like image that multiplies across the face of the database.
Cream Pie	A cream pie.
Deep Thought	Dark depression/hole that slowly works it's way into the database (when it's visible at all).
Eavesdropper	None specific, it's supposed to blend in.
Fait Accompli	Cloaked and hooded man, with a glimmer of a sinister smirk under the hood.
False Echo	Shimmering "hologram" mirror image of the 'runner.
Gremlins	Little green men running around carrying monkey wrenches.
I Spy	Hollow mask with piercing light-beam eyes.
Incubator	Translucent pyramid with the nucleus of another program always growing inside it.
Pattel's Virus	Swirl of hundreds of crystalline fragments.
Skivviss	Bulbous chrome robot with four arms that act as a finder subroutine while corrupting data.

Chimera	Fully animated chimera which breaths fire and choking gas at the target demon.
Soulkiller 1.0	Swirling vortex that speaks in a high crystalline voice. The vortex sucks the 'runner into it.
Trap!	Three Asps flowing out of the file/node.

CloakMore	None.
Dazzler	Usually disguised as a piece of system architecture or simple defence program.
Monitor	None. 
Panzer	Big computer generated tank. Often customised by in Corp data forts.
Pocket VR	Usually disguised as a piece of system architecture or simple defence program.
Too Many Doors	Junction of 3 or more access routes. These "doors" can be unlabelled, labelled identically, or wrongly.

Data Wall	Standard Data Wall.
Data Wall 2.0	Picket fence.
Wall of Static	Shifting wall of static surrounding the data fort.
Crystal Wall	Crystalline wall.
Fire Wall	Wall of flame.
Reinforced Wall	Very sturdy looking concrete wall.
Rock is Strong	Huge stone wall.

Anti-Program Wall	Looks like a standard Data Wall.
Anti-Personnel Wall	Looks like a standard Data Wall.
Laser Wire	Mesh of laser light that reaches out to engulf the 'runner.
Razor Wire	Data Walls that can sprout buzzsaw blades to attack the 'runner.
Shotgun Wire	An aimpoint appears on the 'runner's Icon, at which the Wall will fire a burst of neural feedback.
Wall of Ice	Huge, brain-like image emerges from the Data Wall to bombard the 'runner with spheres of programming.
Superior Net Barrier	Upgraded Data Walls have a tight matrix woven into them.

Code Gates	Normal Code Gate, but variations are commonplace (see Brainware Blowout).
Cortical Scanner	Keyhole that scans your Icon.
Endless Corridor	The Gate looks like a corridor that just keeps going on and on and on.
Encryp Breakthrough	Upgraded Code Gates have a tight matrix woven into them.
Haunting Inquisition	Normal Gate until it activates. Then it's whatever your worst nightmare is.
Mazer	Looks like a maze.
Nerve Labyrinth	Green labyrinth that seems to draw in the 'runner and squeeze his brain.
Shrouded Gate	Invisible or disguised as a Data Wall.
Tutor	Regular Code Gate that gives your Icon a tail which other ICE can yank.

Trailer Hitch	An open-topped, single-exit trailer.
18-Wheeler	An 18-wheeler trailer with the Netrunner's icon on the sides of the trailer.

Brain Buster	User's head looks as it's steroids, and he radiates an aura of great intellect.
Gestalt	Whatever it wants, after all it is a super intelligence.

Memorial ICEbreaker	A non-Euclidean corkscrew.
Bone	Rubber dog Bone.
Pirate Uplink	None.
Rache's SeeYa	Shimmering silver screen, shows nothing (program), sine wave (human), sawtooth wave (AI/Pseudo Int).
Rice Burner	Japanese-style racing motorcycle.
SideWalker	None.
Succubus III	Very close variant on Spider Murphy's Icon, a busty, curvaceous, rendition of a red-headed anime girl.

EmergencySelf-Construct	Swirling vortex of blue lightning that sucks the 'runner's Icon into it; if successful the Icon later emerges.
Lunch Money™	Super-realistic little girl that plays innocent, then gets an evil look in it's eyes and attacks the 'runner.

Antiquated Routines	Older-style and more primitive Net imagery.
Bizzare Encryption	None.
Blood Cat	Dead-black panther with glowing red eyes and mouth.
TesseractConstruction	Fort Fort's interior defies orientation, up, down and sideways constantly changing, walls at impossible angles.

Black ICE QA	None.
Security Optimization	None.